Demo event collector (#21981)
demisto/content: Packs/HelloWorld/ReleaseNotes/3_0_0.md

#### Integrations

##### New: HelloWorld Event Collector

> - New: This is the Hello World event collector integration for XSIAM.(Available from Cortex XSIAM 2.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: This is the Hello World event collector integration for Cortex XSIAM.(Available from Cortex XSIAM 2.0.0).
```

#### Integrations

##### New: HelloWorld Event Collector

> - New: This is the Hello World event collector integration for Cortex XSIAM.(Available from Cortex XSIAM %%XSIAM_VERSION%%).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New: This is the Hello World event collector integration for Cortex XSIAM (available from Cortex XSIAM 8.4.0).
```
